hello everyone today I will knit openwork
fantasy pattern
face side of the pattern
pattern and character description i put on
My blog link look below under
this video
the pattern consists of 3 rows
that is, we repeat the report from first to
fifth row report consists of seven loops
between this purple here
stripes
we begin to knit the first row of reading scheme
right to left knit until then
repeat the report we need
number of times and end loops for
equilibrium
no edge loops are indicated here
forget to add and purl rows
knit all the loops purl now I'm
I will knit this pattern for this
typing
16 loops 1 row edge not removed
knitting
then knit 2 loops face
enter the right needle into the third loop and
we throw it on the first and second
then we knit the front facial cap
4 facial
again throw the third loop on the first
and the second we knit the front nakid
facial 2 facial
edge knit purl 2 row and all
guys rows knit purl loops
hem we remove and we knit purl
we knit loops to the end of the row
purl loop 3 row edge
front 2 together front over front
wall
nakid front nakid
broach for this remove one loop not
knit the next loop knit
front and throw a loop that we
not tied to a knit earlier Peter
2 facial 2 together facial for front
cape walls, front cape broach
we remove one loop we do not knit the second
knit loop loop and stretch
her through the filmed loop
front and edge
fifth row edge and then knit 2
together front loop for the front walls
nakid 3 front nape broach
2 together front of the front wall
nakid 3 front
nakid broach
well and edge knit purl 7 row
knit the same as the first one
rapport repeated this pattern
It turns out pretty on this all not
forget to subscribe to my channel
leave your comments and see you in
my next videos bye bye